# sentiment-analysis-of-college-reviews

This project gives ratings of a particular college that is given as input by the user and its ratings are shown based on various features which are necessary for college selection. We hope this project if implemented on large scale will help college students in time of their admission process. We have collected data from highly trusted educational websites and have applied machine learning algorithms of high accuracy that will give genuine rating of that college. This application will help students and their parents for choosing a college based on their features and will help them in making informed decision. We have collaborate reviews for the college from various college interacts websites and combined the reviews onto a single platform . We used Sentiment Analysis to find sentiment rating of review and give proper result of positive or negative reviews and calculate overall rating of the college along with overall ratings of various parameters like Placement, Faculty etc. Models, libraries used in this application are chosen accordingly to give ratings of high accuracy and we will be using linear svc for classification of reviews.

A simple frontend is developed to use this application easily and comfortably with minimum complications. This project would be a great help to students if implemented widely. This application, at this current stage deals only with Indian engineering colleges and those colleges which are available on chosen educational websites. This project can also be implemented on such problem statements which deals with reviews of a product.
